---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/02-galanta/makoni/keysal/kingdom-of-tir-dhuchais/people/notable-people/ymir-dhuchais/","tags":["NPC"],"created":"2025-03-03T01:16:26.513+00:00","updated":"2025-03-03T01:20:50.610+00:00"}
---


Former King Kazamir Cathasach Ymir Alaric Dhúchais, father of [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Keysal/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais/People/Roundtable/Aria Osric Dhúchais\|Aria Osric Dhúchais]], [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Kila/Árferð/Notable People (Árferð)/Calypso Theodoric Dhúchais\|Calypso Theodoric Dhúchais]], and [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Keysal/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais/People/Notable People/Alaric Dhúchais\|Alaric Dhúchais]], was a traitor to the people of the [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Keysal/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais\|Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais]]. Follower of [[03. Deities of Galánta/Major Deities/Údará/Providence\|Providence]] and [[03. Deities of Galánta/Major Deities/Údará/Conláed\|Conláed]], an ancient God of Light and Conquest, Ymir was a bellicose tyrant that had pushed militarism through the use of exceptional magic. They had in fact taken over most of the continent, until [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Balter/Arkhibiil/Arkhibiil\|Arkhibiil]] had decided to push back, starting off the Schism, a 15-year war. Though heavily overpowered, [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Balter/Arkhibiil/Arkhibiil\|Arkhibiil]]’s strength in Naval combat had allowed them to hold off the impending threat. This combined with the terrors of the [[Roaming Badlands\|Roaming Badlands]] had prevented Dhúchais from fully taking over [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Balter/Arkhibiil/Arkhibiil\|Arkhibiil]], much to the chagrin of Ymir. Ymir’s impatient tactics and lack of care for his soldiers had caused much of his army to defect with Celestian, leaving them defenceless for 3 months until Aria killed Ymir and called for a retreat. That event was 4 years ago.