---
{"dg-publish":true,"permalink":"/01-hub/introduction/","tags":["gardenEntry"],"dgShowToc":true,"created":"2025-02-09T21:05:06.058+00:00","updated":"2025-02-09T23:42:05.146+00:00"}
---

# Introduction
This is a hub for information based around the world of Galánta. Though it will continuously be filled with information as the story progresses, this site will initially only be filled with information that the common person would know and will not include the more secretive aspects of the world that only certain players may be privy to.

The first section, the Hub, will be filled with information about the game, such as information on the [[Player Characters\|Player Characters]], Consent Sheets (and other documents discussing player input)

This is [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Makoni\|Makoni]], one continent in this world named [[Galánta\|Galánta]]. Scattered apart by tectonic drift and marred landscapes, the Kingdoms of [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Makoni\|Makoni]] have been slowly simmering down from the Schism; a deadly war between the [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Keysal/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais\|Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais]], found in the northern region of [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Keysal/Keysal\|Keysal]], and [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Balter/Arkhibiil/Arkhibiil\|Arkhibiil]], found in the desert land of [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Balter/Balter\|Balter]]. Though the beheading of former Prime Speaker [[Ymir Dhúchais\|Ymir Dhúchais]] has signalled the end of the war, tensions are still high between the kingdoms that comprise [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Makoni\|Makoni]], especially with the introduction of the newest Kingdom of [[Árferð\|Árferð]], as well as the separation of the [[Fulgaric's Deterrent\|Fulgaric's Deterrent]], a collection of city-states that fought against the despotic Ymir and separated itself from the Tír Dhúchais. With cooperation from the leader of [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Balter/Arkhibiil/Arkhibiil\|Arkhibiil]], [[Sultan Corvus\|Sultan Corvus]], reparations have gone underway but are they enough to sway the underlying fear of inevitability that lay hidden under the subconscious of every mind?

That, right now, is not our problem. Our problem, or shall I say problems, start off in the [[02. Galánta/Makoni/Keysal/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais/Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais\|Kingdom of Tír Dhúchais]]. Currently ruled by [[Aria Osric Dhúchais\|Aria Osric Dhúchais]], the executioner of Ymir, Dhúchais has prospered greatly under their rule. With the introduction of the Round Table (as well as the removal of a sabre-rattling warmonger), technology, protection, and quality of life have greatly improved for everyone within the Kingdom, especially considering the large monopoly of the arcane, as well as the Automaton Army, that Tír Dhúchais hold. All that is asked is that the religious pray to the governmentally ordained Pantheon of the [[03. Deities of Galánta/Major Deities/Údará/Údará\|Údará]], you respect locally installed leadership, and you levy a fair amount of your income. On the other hand, the trust of the people, though strong, has begun to… waver, slightly. The mass production of Automatons is an echo of the recent dark ages, [[Asroka\|Asroka]]’s abuse of its working class, and the subsequent ignorance is leading many people to believe there will be another great war before the people can recover from the last!

Our concerns, however, start much smaller. Upon the frontier of the [[Roaming Badlands\|Roaming Badlands]], nestled against the Koyin Forest and Cerulean Depths, sits the quaint up-and-coming town of [[Eladin\|Eladin]]. Once a small hamlet, [[Eladin\|Eladin]]’s rapid growth is attributed to the growing number of adventurers that wish to take on the impossible challenge of the [[Roaming Badlands\|Roaming Badlands]], and the rising popularity of Savour, a preservative made famous by these adventurers. This cycle caused [[Eladin\|Eladin]]’s economy to boom, with the two families that dominate the Savour market undermining one another at every turn for sole ownership. This rustic stop along the [[Nifiling Road\|Nifiling Road]] will be the meeting point of our intertwining fates…